hey guys we are backstage at the train
show exciting announcement coming up
tomorrow by the time this video uploads
it'll been announced but I'm here with
Chris backstage to announce the new a
third product they SD 40-man Em's got
the beacon lights yeah we were doing
prototype lighting we have the option
now for doing the different noses using
the new tool a newly tooled st40 cab
knows the entire hood is all brand-new
this thing isn't new inside and out
probably the only thing left over from
the original model are the wheels in the
coupler so Wow lots of Road numbers here
yeah lots of Road numbers we're doing a
lot of different roads or even doing the
Canadian version doing the Duluth
Winnipeg and Pacific first but just to
let them know that we do have it and
expect the in the near future or
Canadian stuff out of this thing cool
late January 2015 on these guys so
pretty interesting locomotive and a
great announcement for math room for all
the u.p guys bnsf see B&Q jesse just a
whole bunch of wrote this whole effect
so well this is also the first ready to
run model that has sound alright and
we're given a price point $185 pretty
much for with sound yeah so that's a new
new barrier that athearn is broken
hundred $85 sound MSRP obviously your
brick-and-mortar and online retailers
will have discounts available or you can
order directly from my ring but you know
ready to roll sound they're breaking all
kinds of barriers with this item so yeah
it's exciting but didn't have a genesis
motor kit for it or people that prefer
the Genesis motor for speed matching and
other different sound of reasons because
a lot of sound decoders they to get
everything speed match together requires
the same motor pull so that's an option
to visit it shares that with asking 45
so we're really excited too
bring this market cool well thanks for
your time Chris we're going to head out
towards the afternoon portion of the day
we're going to do a little crowd filming
and we'll be wrapping up here at the
National train so take care guys